[birds chirping]
[man] Come!
- [girl screaming]
- [gasps]
["Dey My Side" by Worlasi playing]
[in Sotho] I was going to get
Phila to help you downstairs.
[in English] I can manage.
[in Sotho] How are you feeling?
[Zinhle in Englsih]
Morning. Mam' Grace. Bab' Don.
Is it too much to expect
a cup of coffee here?
Rooibos... tea.
Here you go. Ngcolosi.
You're looking well.
[men laughing]
[clears throat]
[in Xhosa] How are you feeling. Dad?
[in English] You do not need
to talk to me like I'm dying.
All right?
[Phila] That is very good to hear.
Good morning.
[Don in Xhosa] Where is your sister?
I want to talk to all of you.
Talk to them about what?
[in English] Business.
[Linda in Xhosa] Morning. Dad.
[in English] How you feeling?
[Don in Xhosa] Sit down.
- [in English] Okay.
- [Don] I have something to say.
[in Sotho]
Take your breakfast to the cottage.
[in English] Family meeting.
[in Xhosa] Really. Ma? Is that necessary?
[Don in English] I'm going to slow down
significantly at the office for my health.
[Ndu] That's great.
It allows you to take stock of your life.
[in Xhosa] I am going to announce
my successor at the foundation gala.
- [in English] That's the end of the week.
- I support whatever decision you make.
- [Don] Linda.
- Yeah?
[in Xhosa] And you Phila.
[in English] I'm coming
to your offices later today.
Be ready to show me why
I should choose you as my successor.
[in Sotho] I think I know how
we can use this succession in our favor.
[Bonga on phone] Oh. how?
If Don announces Linda as CEO.
we can reveal what we know about her.
[in English] Make it
a big humiliation for him.
[in Sotho] What if he picks Phila?
[in English] We need
to make sure he doesn't.
[in Sotho] And I think I know how.
[Phila in English]
I don't know why you're freaking out.
He's definitely going to choose me.
[Grace] He was supposed
to discuss it with me first.
You know what. Ma.
I have been preparing
to be CEO my entire life.
There's no way he's going
to choose Linda over me.
Linda strokes his ego.
[in Sotho] You need
to do exactly the same thing.
[in English] I did not create
Bhengu Beauty
so that another
woman's child can inherit it.
Wow. Ma! That's harsh.
Ndumiso. I need
your artistic eye at the studio today.
Um. Mom. but you know I'd rather
not get involved in the company...
[in Sotho] I need someone
to supervise Zinhle's shoot.
I would appreciate if it were you.
[in English] Zinhle's shoot...
Okay. fine. I'll do it.
I thought as much. Ahem. Bye. guys.
Bhengu boys. remember what I said.
Be there for your father.
It's critical at this time.
- Okay.
- Will do.
- [in Sotho] You heard what I said. right?
- [both in English] Yes. Ma.
Ngcolosi...
Yo.
Thank you.
[in Sotho] Remember when Phila
used to wear his little suits
and go to the office with you?
[in English] He's always
followed in your footsteps.
I have to consider them both. equally so.
[Grace] Phila's very imaginative.
he understands the future of beauty.
[in Sotho] And he's the firstborn son.
[in English]
If I chose Linda. then I'll coach her.
- Phila's prepared to take over now.
- Grace. this is my decision.
Alone.
So. the new future Mrs. Bhengu...
[in Sotho]
When will Thando and I meet her?
[in English]
There will be no new Mrs. Bhengu...
for now.
[grunts]
Grace.
[in Xhosa] I'm not an idiot.
[Thando in Zulu] Ngcolosi...
can we talk?
- [in English] It's been a few months...
- I've already told you.
No woman leaves Don Bhengu.
If the divorce happens
right before the wedding...
That is no longer happening.
You remain the new Mrs. Bhengu.
Act like it.
[Zinhle in Sotho] Make sure it gets
delivered before Don's meeting with Phila.
[in English] Hey. Zinhle.
Hey.
[automated voice] Going down.
What are you doing here?
- I've never seen you at the office before.
- I'm supervising your shoot.
[in Xhosa] Ma's busy.
Ah.
[automated voice] Doors opening.
- [automated voice] Floor eight.
- [Ndu] After you.
I'm... I'm going to say hi
and chat to Sis' Sana.
Okay. cool. I'll check in the studio.
[in Zulu] Hello. Sis' Sana.
Hi. Sisi. how are you?
I'm fine.
I thought the vetkoek lady was only
supposed to come around at lunch?
Is she outside?
[in English] If I wasn't going
to the studio. I'd go down for you.
[in Zulu] I can't believe
we're talking about vetkoeks.
Uh... Let me see if I can catch her.
[in English] If we look at the profits
since I started working
with the low-income areas.
it's very evident...
That's too corporate.
Okay.
Dad.
have I ever let you down?
[clears throat]
Yes. a few times. actually.
[Linda scoffs]
[as Don] Entertaining influencers
does not constitute running a business.
- [Phila] Oh...
- [in Xhosa] My boy.
Touché. [chuckles]
[in English] Linda.
you know. of course. that
you don't have to suck up to him. right?
I mean. he... he needs us.
And so you just have to be real with him...
You know what. Phila.
how about you do it your way
and I do it mine?
We're not a team.
Okay. yes. sure but...
I mean. come on.
you know it's no contest. right?
[in Zulu] It's time. Linda.
Mr. Bhengu is ready for you.
- [in English] Thank you.
- You're actually right.
It's no contest at all.
Oh. that's the sales report
of the partnership I started.
Yes. I know.
I'm not interested in numbers.
Tell me why you are better than Phila.
Honestly?
Honestly.
The fact that I didn't meet you
until I was a teenager. Tata.
has shaped me.
[in Xhosa] I know poverty.
[in English] I know how it feels to be
desperate. to make it. and be somebody.
All Phila knows is comfort.
and comfort. Tata.
is detrimental to business.
[" Never Let Me Go" by Tresor playing]
[man] Nice!
Look at the camera. Zinhle.
Thank you. There we go.
Just lift your chin up just a little.
Okay. look into camera for me. Zinhle.
Look to your left.
Into camera.
Chin up just a bit.
Zinhle?
Um. may I please have a bathroom break?
[man] Okay. cool. that's fine.
Everybody let's take 15.
Well done.
Thank you.
Thanks. I'll take that.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Phila] If you're looking for
an eligible bachelor. that's me!
[people laughing]
[in Zulu] What are you doing here?
I wanted to talk to Phila.
[in English] Or one of his influencers.
but it seems he's still busy with them.
- [in Zulu] What about the shoot?
- [in English] Fifteen-minute break.
Oh. okay.
[in Zulu] I'll see you later.
[Phila in English]
Ready when you are. Baba.
Let's go.
- Oh! Hey. Yeah?
- Hi.
I saw you talking
to some influencers earlier.
- Yes.
- Who's the one that does makeup tutorials?
They all do tutorials.
No. the one that uses items...
Listen. Zinhle. I have
to go to a meeting right now.
You can ask somebody else. right?
- Yes.
- Of course.
[Phila] Thank you.
[clears throat]
So. when exactly am I taking over?
Or would you like me to
make some kind of speech. or...
You know what. I can show you
what my vision is for the company.
- Tell you exactly how I think...
- What the hell is this?
[Phila] That's not...
- You're doing drugs at work now?
- It's not mine.
- How many times have I told you?
- I don't do this at the office.
So you admit that you still do it.
[hesitates]
[sucks teeth]
Okay. Baba. but just...
Baba. I swear this is not mine.
It's not mine!
I don't fucking take drugs at work!
Um. I didn't mean to take so long.
Where did everyone go?
I want to try something new with you.
You looked a little distracted.
I wasn't distracted.
Are you allowed to take over like this?
I don't know. We'll find out.
Okay. let me go and fix my makeup.
[Ndu] There's no need for that.
You look great.
Okay.
["Wish You Were Here"
by Black Coffee playing]
[Ndu] All right. let's go.
[chuckles]
I love this song.
I know you do.
♪ The tags on the city walls
The color. the fight ♪
♪ Ambition so tall ♪
I don't need to resort
to dirty tricks. Phila.
Then how did that shit end up on my desk?
I don't know.
You're the one who does drugs.
But I don't do it at work.
Apparently. you do.
Stop blaming me for your carelessness.
Okay. you're so perfect. aren't you?
Yup.
How would you like it if
I used your secrets against you?
- Phila. you wouldn't.
- Oh. I could.
The difference between you and me
is that I'm not so desperate.
[in Sotho] What were you thinking?
[in English]
I don't know what to tell you. Ma.
Linda must have planted it.
You know I don't do that shit at work.
[in Sotho] You were
high as a kite at the launch.
[in English] That was different. okay.
Know what. what does it matter anyway?
I do good work. right? Don't I?
I bring profitable partnerships
to this business.
- Stop being so...
- So what?
[in Sotho] Yourself.
What's that mean?
I should stop being myself?
If it gets you what you want. then yes.
[emotional piano music playing]
[in Sotho]
Now we wait for Linda's Emerald party.
[in English] We record them as evidence.
[Bonga in Sotho] So. did you get
the entrance password?
Yes. I got it right after
you found out about her secret.
Cool.
How was your day?
It was fine.
[in English] The shoot
was relaxed for a change.
[in Sotho] I thought they were stressful.
Yes. but not today.
It was with Ndu. he played some music.
He's nice.
Nice? Are you guys friends now?
[in English] No. he's just...
[in Sotho] Let's forget about that.
You and I did great work today.
[in English] I love you.
[in Sotho] Please don't eat all
your meals at that barbecue place.
[in English] Cook something healthy.
[in Sotho] I love you too.
["Wish You Were Here" resumes]
♪ Wish you were here
Wish you were here ♪
♪ Reminds me of you ♪
♪ You hold your cards
So close to your chest ♪
♪ That I give up the question no more ♪
- [Grace in English] Thank you. Regina.
- Yes.
[Grace sighs] Hey.
[in Sotho] About Phila...
[in English] There's nothing more to say.
[in Sotho] I'll make sure
he never touches drugs ever again.
We've invested so much in him.
[in English] All that education.
the connections...
All those expensive schools.
and all he learned was how to use drugs.
[in Sotho] I'll drug-test him daily
if needed. I'll take him to rehab.
His peers are millionaires.
children of ministers. CEOs.
[in English] We can't let all
those good connections go to waste.
[in Sotho] Pick him.
for the good of the company.
[in English]
Is he ready to get his hands dirty?
[in Sotho] What do you mean?
[in English] Whoever gets to take over
will have to run both our businesses.
Ngcolosi. is that necessary?
Kolobe doesn't need to be managed.
I can go over things...
No.
Linda and Phila will have to know
about the other side of our business.
And only then will I make my decision.
In fact...
[in Xhosa] ...call Peter
and tell him to bring them home.
[in English] Now?
Yes. now.
[sniffing]
[Phila] I will be with you
in 20 minutes. Peter. yes.
- [Peter on phone] Okay. Ciao.
- Thank you very much.
[sighs]
[cell phone rings]
[beeps off]
[Phila] Well. thank you too. Mom.
Oh. Phila. answer the damn phone.
[in Sotho] I spoke to your father.
There's something he wants
to share with you and Linda.
[in English] Something very important.
Then he'll make his choice.
Say yes to whatever he says.
And don't freak out.
[Thando] Sounds tense.
Why is Ngcolosi no longer getting married?
Ask him yourself.
[in Zulu] Remember that...
if you had anything to do with it...
...he'll always do whatever he wants.
[in English]
There'll always be more chicks.
If you do your job. there won't be.
If you fail to control him.
how the hell do you think I can?
Hmm?
You're fighting
a losing battle. Mrs. Bhengu.
Don doesn't care about us.
Phila.
did you listen to my message?
[Linda] Hi. Dad.
[Don] Hey.
I need you and your brother
to come with me.
- [Linda in Xhosa] Where are we going?
- [in English] Phila. let's go.
Where are you taking us?
Do you or do you not want to be CEO?
Listen to my message.
[Zinhle] What's all the commotion?
What commotion?
Phila. Bab' Don. Linda.
something about the CEO thing?
Apparently he wants to show them
something before they... [gulps]
Listen. do you want to get a real drink?
I think I can do with a real drink.
I think I left my phone at the office.
I'll be right back.
Ugh. Okay. come see me when you get back.
[in Sotho] Where do
you think you're going?
- [in English] Left my phone at the office.
- [in Sotho] You can get it tomorrow.
[in English] It's getting late.
Go to your cottage.
Shit!
[Zinhle in Sotho] Apparently he's going
to show them something important.
Listen. I'll call you back.
[phone beeps off]
[in English] Damn!
[horn honks]
Come on!
Fuck!
- Kolobe.
- [Kolobe in Zulu] Ngcolosi. hello.
- Bab' Kolobe.
- Linda.
Phila.
[Grace] Zinhle?
Hey. hey.
Mam' Grace.
[in Sotho] Oh. wow.
Such beautiful dark skin.
Are you feeling cold?
Are you hungry?
You need a place to stay. right?
[thunder rumbles]
When I tell you not to do something.
I expect you to listen.
[in English] It won't happen again.
It better not.
[Grace clicks tongue]
[in Sotho] Rubbish is still rubbish
even in expensive wigs and clothes.
[Phila in English]
Okay. a furniture factory?
[Linda] Is it one of ours?
Peter. you can sit anywhere.
[in Xhosa] Kolobe. open up.
[in English] Okay. what is this?
"What is this?"
[in Xhosa]
Didn't you say you want to be CEO?
[in English] Baba. are you going
to let us know what's going on?
Welcome to
the other side of Bhengu Beauty.
We manufacture and package
skin-bleaching products.
Distribute within the country.
and in Lesotho.
Namibia. Botswana. Zimbabwe
and soon enough.
to the rest of the continent.
Are you serious?
Are you okay with this?
Why wouldn't I be?
I mean. people buy this stuff.
This stuff is poison. all right.
These are banned substances.
Why would you drag
Bhengu Beauty into this illegal shit?
This "illegal shit" is
what started Bhengu Beauty.
Linda. I'm gonna need you
to back me up here.
Look. Phila. this is
a lucrative service that Dad is providing.
You really believe that?
You know what. I'll find my own way home.
Thank you very much.
Yeah. the home you are boasting about
was built with this illegal shit!
[Phila] Did you know?
[in Sotho] What'd you say to him?
[in English] God! You really expected me
to be okay with something like this?
You bloody idiot!
Can't you swallow your pride for once?
[Linda] Surprisingly followed by...
Ngcolosi. Phila just needs time.
I'll make him do whatever he needs to do.
[in Sotho] Please give him a chance.
[in English] He failed.
I'm announcing Linda
at the Foundation Gala.
Ngcolosi. please listen...
Yo.
So. how did he make this decision?
[laughs]
Trust me. you do not want to know.
You two are always
playing into his games. man.
What. you think we have a choice?
We're all caught up in this. Trust me.
Even you work for Bhengu Beauty now.
Dude. that's different.
Actually. I have a great idea.
I'm thinking the three of us.
we go out tonight. you know?
Sorry.
[in Xhosa]
Ndu. may I get a second with Phila?
[in English] Don't worry about it. Stay.
Phila...
Don't worry. I am hurt.
but I'm not gonna stoop that low.
Your secrets are safe with me.
Cool.
Cheers. guys.
Wait. Dude. am I missing something?
What secret is this?
No. nothing.
[in Sotho] Whatever he showed them
was enough to disqualify Phila.
[knocking on door]
I'll call you back.
[Grace in English]
I saw the photos Ndumiso took yesterday.
They're good.
[Zinhle] Thank you.
I want him to take more tonight.
Can't you postpone?
I actually have plans with some friends.
No. you don't.
Ndumiso will pick you up.
[in Sotho] Dude.
Grace wants me to do a photoshoot tonight.
[Bonga] And you can't get out of it?
No.
I will ask Vee.
Okay.
Do it. Thanks.
- [Don in English] Thank you.
- What's this about. Ngcolosi?
MaNdebele.
We're going to have to try
for another baby.
[in Sotho] But after her miscarriage.
I don't think she has the ability...
[in Xhosa] Simphiwe will help.
[in English]
I should've called her sooner.
Considering what happened the last time.
I don't think it's possible.
[Don in Xhosa] Nothing is impossible.
[in English] That's all.
[woman in Sotho] Yes.
- [laughs] What do you think?
- No.
Don't start. Vee.
- [laughs]
- You're being silly.
Okay. Look. Will you be able to do it?
[in English]
Yeah. I think I definitely I can do this.
[in Sotho] I've heard about
these Emerald parties before.
Whoo!
[in English] They are so exclusive.
[in Sotho] Here. It's the password.
[in English] Cool.
[Ndu] We're going to have to take
a few pictures before it starts to rain.
Yes. just give me some of that.
[camera shutter clicking]
Oh my gosh. Actually. do you think
you could actually pose for me over here?
Okay.
[Ndu] Okay. Come on now. yes.
There we go.
Give me that energy. come on. Come on.
Could you tilt back just a little bit?
Whoa. Not too much.
We don't want the face of Bhengu Beauty
falling over the building. now.
[laughs] Imagine.
I don't have to. It almost happened to me.
How?
[sighs] Let's just say...
shots. bad friends. messy time.
Just glad that's over. [chuckles]
[Zinhle chuckles] Jeez.
[Ndu] Check this out.
[thunder cracks]
We should probably go.
- Okay. just one more. Just one more.
- No.
Please. just one or two more.
Please. Give me that energy
that you gave me. Yes!
- [shutter clicking]
- Yes. that's what I'm talking about.
- [laughs]
- Give me that energy. yes!
[automated voice] Welcome to the planet.
["Asambe" by DJ Mr X playing]
[inaudible]
[song continues]
[people cheering]
[shivering]
Ooh!
If I catch a cold. it's on you.
- It will be worth it.
- [exhales]
Look at this.
Your work is amazing.
- [Ndu] Uh-huh. Look at yourself.
- I look free.
And beautiful.
["Finding a Place"
by David O'Dowda playing]
You look so natural
in front of the camera.
♪ All this talk of love ♪
♪ Is bringing me to you ♪
♪ I'm finding a place
That warms my heart again ♪
- [exhales]
- Hey.
It's okay.
♪ It's the only mistake we can make ♪
♪ And we move around ♪
♪ To bring it back to one ♪
♪ I'm finding a place ♪
♪ That warms my heart again ♪
[gasps]
Everything looks good
from where I'm standing.
Zandi!
- [laughs] Hey.
- Hey. How are you?
So good. It's so good to see you.
Yeah. long time. You're looking good.
- You're looking good.
- [chuckles]
Come this way. Hey. babe.
Hey. Zandi!
[in Xhosa] You're looking good. dude.
Thank you.
- [in English] I be doing it.
- This is Vee. Vee...
- Hey. Hey. what up?
- Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
- Look like you're about to take off.
- I know. I look better than you!
- Ha ha! As if you could. [laughs]
- Come on!
[Zandi] Hey. man. this is looking good!
This is a party. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah. I love this.
Once again. we've outdone ourselves.
Mm-mm-mm.
[in Xhosa] Please hold this.
[dance music playing]
[in English] I think I need some air.
- I'll come with you.
- No. it's fine.
I just need a moment alone.
Do you want a drink?
I can get you a drink.
Okay?
You look sexy today.
[Linda chuckles]
Just the way you like it?
Of course.
[gasps]
[women laugh]
[Thando] I missed you.
[Linda] I missed you too.
[chuckles]
Hey.
Is... Is that a scar?
No. it's... it's nothing.
[in Xhosa] But I just saw it.
What happened?
[in English]
Ndu. you can't tell anyone about this.
- It's just a scar. Not a big deal...
- Please!
Hey.
You don't need to be ashamed.
You're perfect.
I like you.
I can be myself when I'm around you.
Whatever imperfections
you think you need to hide. you don't.
Trust me. okay.
[Zinhle] Sorry I couldn't speak earlier.
[in Sotho] I was shooting with Ndu.
Zinhle. are you telling me
there's no one else
who could take pictures of you?
[in English] Huh?
This is even better than I thought.
[in Sotho] Zinhle.
I think we're in too deep.
I know. but we have to do this.
[in English] This will
absolutely destroy Don.
- [video playing indistinctly on phone]
- [chuckles softly]
[in Sotho] I'll set everything up.
Thank you.
Cool.
[Linda in English] I missed you too.
[knocking on door]
[in English] It's open.
So. I saw you and Ndu
coming in this morning.
Heard you had another shoot.
- Tell me all about it.
- It's not like that.
- No. don't do that.
- Do what?
Deny your feelings.
Heck. if you have
feelings for him. who cares?
Trust me. true love is not easy to find.
I hope one day you'll be happy.
You look right at home.
- Welcome to your new home.
- [children whimpering]
[children whimpering]
[locks turning]
[Don] Beautiful.
Um...
Still getting used to these parties.
Son. just be cool.
Just because Linda
is going to be announced CEO.
doesn't mean she'll remain CEO.
And what are you going to do about it?
I'll figure it out. Nothing is forever.
Follow me.
[man clears throat]
Sorry if I scared you.
It's okay. Um. can we talk?
Hmm. You two look cute tonight.
- You do too.
- Oh. thank you.
[Don] Ladies and gentlemen.
your attention. please.
Well. we are here tonight to honor
a few members of the Bhengu Foundation.
I hope you don't mind me
taking a few minutes
to share with you something else.
Everyone here is aware of
what I've just been through.
And when that happens to you...
you're forced to take a step back.
See what needs changing.
I'm stepping down
as the CEO of Bhengu Beauty.
- [man] No.
- [woman] What?
No. No. I'm not disappearing.
I just want younger blood
to take the reins.
The next CEO is someone
who's going to help me realize my vision.
to make Bhengu Beauty
the biggest beauty
company on the continent.
Ladies and gentlemen.
my daughter. Linda Xolile Bhengu!
[all clapping]
[Don in Xhosa] Come. my child. come.
[chuckles]
[cell phones chiming]
[Thando in English] I missed you.
[Linda] I missed you too.
I missed you.
[echoing] I missed you too.
- [Don] What's going on?
- [Linda] I missed you too.
[Ndu] Phila. Phila...
[people murmuring]
[suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ My girl. my girl. don't lie to me ♪
♪ Tell me
Where did you sleep last night? ♪
♪ In the pines. in the pines
Where the sun don't ever shine ♪
♪ I would follow the whole night through ♪
♪ My girl. my girl ♪
♪ Don't lie to me ♪
[emotional piano music playing]